README.md, before:

![Kade Engine logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/isophoro/Friday-Night-Fever/main/assets/preload/images/monaLisaCesar.png)

# Friday Night Fever
You're Fever, the mayor of Fever Town!  
A trip back from space caused you to crash here instead of home, and things began to pile up on your desk ever since. 
Once an abandoned spot on the map, it's now a hot spot for the worlds rejects, criminals, scumbags and any others shunned from their homes. 
Your girlfriend is also from space, and you're hiding some dark secrets from her... can you handle a relationship as well as you can handle being a mayor?

# Changelog

### v1.0.1 [Unreleased]
- Main menu now has effects / transitions
- Added casual sprites to week 6 dialogue
- Fixed some week 4 dialogue expressions not working
- Removed base game songs / characters from the files
- Optimized gallery images
- New images in gallery
### v1.0
- the mod came out lmao

# Credits
### Friday Night Funkin'
 - [ninjamuffin99](https://twitter.com/ninja_muffin99) - Programming
 - [PhantomArcade3K](https://twitter.com/phantomarcade3k) and [Evilsk8r](https://twitter.com/evilsk8r) - Art
 - [Kawai Sprite](https://twitter.com/kawaisprite) - Music

This game was made with love to Newgrounds and its community. Extra love to Tom Fulp.
### Kade Engine
- [KadeDeveloper](https://twitter.com/KadeDeveloper) - Maintainer and lead programmer
- [The contributors](https://github.com/KadeDev/Kade-Engine/graphs/contributors)

Commit message:

fixed game over and tracklist

README.md, after:

![Kade Engine logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/isophoro/Friday-Night-Fever/main/assets/preload/images/monaLisaCesar.png)

# Friday Night Fever
You're Fever, the mayor of Fever Town!  
A trip back from space caused you to crash here instead of home, and things began to pile up on your desk ever since. 
Once an abandoned spot on the map, it's now a hot spot for the worlds rejects, criminals, scumbags and any others shunned from their homes. 
Your girlfriend is also from space, and you're hiding some dark secrets from her... can you handle a relationship as well as you can handle being a mayor?

# Changelog

### v1.0.1 [Unreleased]
- Main menu now has new effects and transitions
- Added casual sprites to week 6 dialogue
- Fixed some week 4 dialogue expressions not working
- Removed base game songs / characters from the files
- Optimized gallery images to not freeze the game on certain images
- New images in gallery
- Fixed tracklist problems after completing a week
- Fixed funkin-god not having the correct game over animation

### v1.0
- the mod came out lmao

# Credits
### Friday Night Funkin'
 - [ninjamuffin99](https://twitter.com/ninja_muffin99) - Programming
 - [PhantomArcade3K](https://twitter.com/phantomarcade3k) and [Evilsk8r](https://twitter.com/evilsk8r) - Art
 - [Kawai Sprite](https://twitter.com/kawaisprite) - Music

This game was made with love to Newgrounds and its community. Extra love to Tom Fulp.
### Kade Engine
- [KadeDeveloper](https://twitter.com/KadeDeveloper) - Maintainer and lead programmer
- [The contributors](https://github.com/KadeDev/Kade-Engine/graphs/contributors)
